"Don't let outward appearances mislead you into thinking that someone with more prestige, power, or some other distinction must on that account be happy" - Epictetus
"One of the great revelations of the age of space exploration is the image of the earth finite and lonely, somehow vulnerable, bearing the entire human species through the oceans of space and time" - Carl Sagan
"The lust of power is not rooted in strength but in weakness. It is the expression of the inability of the individual self to stand alone and live. It is the desperate attempt to gain secondary strength where genuine strength is lacking" - Erich Fromm
"I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be" - Douglas Adams
"Wherever you live, there are trees standing patiently, waiting for you to come along and get to know them. On your next walk, spend a little time learning something about each individual tree you meet. Soon you will know many different trees. Then whenever you walk into the woods, you will be among old friends" Crinklefoot, Jim Arnosky
"The truth may be puzzling. It may take some work to grapple with. It may be counterintuitive. It may contradict deeply held prejudices. It may not be consonant with what we desperately want to be true. But our preferences do not determine what's true." - Carl Sagan
"If the stars came out only once a year, people would stay up all night to watch them" - Anonymous
"No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world" - Robin Williams
"Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing there is a field, I'll meet you there" - Rumi
"We do not heal the past by dwelling there. We heal the past by living fully in the present" - Marianne Williamson
"If you're not careful, the newspapers will have you hating the people who are being oppressed, and loving the people who are doing the oppressing" - Malcolm X
"I have never listened to anyone who criticized my taste in space travel, sideshows or gorillas. When this occurs, I pack up my dinosaurs and leave the room." - Ray Bradbury
"I destroy my enemy when I make him my friend" - Abraham Lincoln
"The one who plants trees, knowing that he will never sit in their shade, has at least started to understand the meaning of life" - Rabindranath Tagore
"Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe" - Abraham Lincoln
"The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything" - Theodore Roosevelt
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything" - Mark Twain
"When you go in search of honey, you must expect to be stung by bees" - Joseph Joubert
"The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is an attribute of the strong." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Great men are forged in fire. It is the privilege of lesser men to light the flame" - The War Doctor, John Hurt
"Do justice. Love mercy. Walk humbly" - Anonymous
"Whenever I hear someone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally" - Abraham Lincoln
"A man travels the world over in search of what he needs and returns home to find it" - George Augustus Moore
"Happiness is not the surplus of pleasant over unpleasant moments. Rather, happiness consists in seeing one's life in its entirety as meaningful and worthwhile" - Yuval Noah Harari
"It is better to die for an idea that will live, than live for an idea that will die" - Steve Biko
"If we could read the secret history of our enemies, we should find in each man's life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all hostility" - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change we seek." - Barack Obama
"The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life" - Confucius
"My pacifism is an instinctive feeling. A feeling that possesses me because the murder of men is disgusting" - Albert Einstein
"To announce that there must be no criticism of the president, or that we are to stand by the president right or wrong, is not only unpatriotic and servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public." - Theodore Roosevelt
"We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope" - Martin Luther King Jr.
"If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy." - James Madison
"Happiness in intelligence people is the rarest thing I know" - Ernest Hemmingway
"Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present" - Marcus Aurelius
"The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting you are special too" - Ernest Hemmingway
"Well here we are. Trapped in the amber of this moment. There is no why." - Anonymous
"I would like to die on Mars, just not on impact" - Elon Musk
"I always wonder why birds stay in the same place when they can fly anywhere on earth. Then I ask myself the same question" - Harun Yahya
"Someday you will read or hear that Billy Graham is dead. Don't you believe a word of it. I shall be more alive than I am now. I will just have changed my address" - Billy Graham
"On my business card, I am a corporate president. In my mind, I am a game developer. But in my heart, I am a gamer" - Satoru Iwata
"The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us, the less taste we shall have for destruction" - Rachel Carson
"Life is all about balance. You don't always need to be getting stuff done. Sometimes it's perfectly okay, and absolutely necessary, to shut down, kick back, and do nothing" - Lori Deschene
"Too much sanity may be madness, and the maddest of all, to see life as it is and not as it should be" - Miguel de Cervantes
"Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves." - Abraham Lincoln
"The heaviest penalty for declining to rule is to be ruled by someone inferior to yourself" - Plato
"We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be" - Kurt Vonnegut
"A time is coming when men will go mad, and when they see someone who is not mad, they will attack him saying: 'You are mad; you are not like us.'" - St. Anthony the Great
"If a law is unjust, a man is not only right to disobey it, he is obligated to do so" - Thomas Jefferson
"Sometimes me think 'What is friend?' and then me say, 'Friend is someone to share the last cookie with'" - Cookie Monster
"When the axe came into the woods, many of the trees said, 'At least the handle is one of us.'" - Turkish Proverb
"A hero can be anyone, even a man doing something as simple and reassuring as putting a coat around a little boy's shoulder to let him know that the world hadn't ended" - Jim Gordon
"Don't promise when you're happy, don't reply when you're angry, and don't decide when you're sad" - Ziad K. Abdelnour
"The child who is not embraced by the village will burn it down to feel its warmth" - African Proverb
"I suppose if we couldn't laugh at things that don't make sense, we couldn't react to a lot of life" - Bill Watterson
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"And any man who must say 'I am King' is no true king at all' - George R. R. Martin
"Thinking is difficult, that's why most people judge" - Carl Jung
"Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent" - Isaac Asimov
"If I could, I would apologize to the sky and my room ceiling for all of the nights I've awkwardly stared at them, remembering things I should have forgotten" - Maxwell Diawuoh
"Those who tell the stories rule society" - Plato
"Ego is just an overdressed insecurity" - Quincy Jones
"We can't concern ourselves with what was; we must act on what is" - Monk Gyatso
"There is no roof under which you would be more safe than mine, and there is nothing in my house which you might need for your comfort, which I would not readily grant. Indeed, I should esteem it a privilege, to set you an example as to how mankind ought to treat each other." - Frederick Douglass
"Sometimes we need fantasy to survive the reality" - Anonymous
"'You have been my friend' replied Charlotte. 'That in itself is a tremendous thing'" - E.B White
"They'll say we're disturbing the peace, but there is no peace. What really bothers them is that we are disturbing the war." - Howard Zinn
"In the midst of winter, I found there was within me, an invincible summer." - Albert Camus
"Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves" - Carl Jung
"Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them - Dalai Lama
"Poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese" - G.K Chesterton
"To fight the darkness, do not draw your sword, light a candle" - Zarathustra
"Better keep yourself clean and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world" - George Bernard Shaw
"I don't trust anyone who's nice to me but rude to the waiter. Because they would treat me the same way if I were in that position" - Muhammad Ali
"I imagine one of the reasons people cling to their hates so stubbornly is because they sense, once hate is gone, they will be forced to deal with pain" - James Baldwin
"My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful, and optimistic. And we'll change the world" - Jack Layton
"Seek not to follow in the footsteps of men of old; seek what they sought" - Matsuo Basho
"The more relaxed you are, the better you are at everything. The better you are with your loved ones, enemies, your job, and yourself" - Bill Murray
"Fill your bowl to the brim and it will spill. Keep sharpening your knife and it will blunt. Chase after money and your heart will never unclench. Care about people's approval and you will be their prisoner" - Lao Tzu
"He who blames others has a long way to go on his journey. He who blames himself is halfway there. He who blames no one has arrived" - Chinese Proverb
"A calm and modest life brings more happiness than the pursuit of success, combined with constant restlessness" - Albert Einstein
"You don't conquer the anxiety about dying, you meet it with courage" - Paul Tillich
"The world is a hellish place, and bad writing is destroying the quality of our suffering" - Tom Waits
"Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak out and remove all doubt" - Multiple Attributions
"As long as the general population is passive, apathetic, diverted to consumerism, or hatred of the vulnerable, than the powerful can do as they please, and those who survive will be left to contemplate the outcome" - Noam Chomsky
"A quiet secluded life in the country, work which one hopes may be of some use, rest, nature, books, music -- such is my idea of happiness" - Leo Tolstoy
"There are two days in the year that you can't do anything. One is called 'yesterday' and the other is called 'tomorrow'. Today is the only right day to love, pray, and mostly live" - Tenzin Gyatso
"She had blue skin, and so did he. He kept it hid and so did she. They searched for blue their whole life through, then passed right by and never knew" - Shel Silverstein
"If you get tired, learn to rest, not to quit" - Bansky
"Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will" - Suzy Kassem
"History will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people" - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Every person, from morning till evening is making invisible forms in space by what he says. He is creating invisible vibrations around him, and so, he is creating an atmosphere" - Hazrat Inayat Khan
"Anything that's human is mentionable and anything mentionable can be more manageable. When we talk about our feelings, they become less overwhelming, less upsetting, and less scary. The people we trust we that important talk can help us know we are not alone" - Fred Rogers
"Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing" - Salvador Dali
"I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while is right, and part with him when he goes wrong" - Abraham Lincoln
"There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in a storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man" - Pat Rothfuss
"Sometimes it is not enough to do our best; we must do what is required" - Winston Churchill
"If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear" - George Orwell
"Those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety" - Benjamin Franklin
"To do nothing is in every man's power" - Samuel Johnson
"So many people spend their health gaining wealth, and then have to spend their wealth to regain their health" - A.J. Materi
"A ship is safe in harbour, but that's not what ships are for" - William Shedd
"Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving" - Terry Pratchett
"A river cuts through rock, not because of its power, but because of its persistence" - Jim Watkins
"Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad" - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"If you are living the dream, how do you know if you are asleep or awake" - Karl Pilkington
"The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion, but allow very lively debate within that spectrum" - Noam Chomsky
"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin" - Tony Robbins
"The further a society drifts from the truth, the more it will hate those who speak it" - George Orwell
"I'm sometimes driven to the conclusion that boring people need treatment  more urgently than mad people" - Carl Jung
"If the rule you followed brought you to this, of what use was the rule" - Cormac McCarthy
"Only the disciplined are truly free. The undisciplined are slaves to moods, appetites, and passions" - Stephen R. Covey
"Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us" - Bill Watterson
"We are more often frightened than hurt, and we suffer more from imagination than from reality" - Seneca
"All it takes is a beautiful fake smile to hide an injured soul, and they will never notice how broken you really are" - Robin Williams
"The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place" - George Bernard Shaw
"The greatest ethical test we're going to face is the treatment of those who are at our mercy" - Lyn White
"If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old" - Peter Drucker
"If you ever get a chance to treat them the way they treated you, no matter how painful it was, I hope you choose to walk away and do better" - Najwa Zebian
"There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there always has been. It is nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that 'My ignorance' is just as good as your knowledge" - Isaac Asimov
"The unnecessary felling of a tree, perhaps the growth of centuries, seems to me a crime little short of murder" - Thomas Jefferson
"Just because you are trash doesn't mean you can't do great things. It is called a garbage can, not a garbage cannot" - Anonymous
"One does not accumulate but eliminate. It is not daily increase but daily decrease. The height of cultivation always runs to simplicity" - Bruce Lee
"Frederick Douglass taught that literacy is the path from slavery to freedom. There are many kinds of slavery and many kinds of freedom, but reading is still the path" - Carl Sagan
"We accept the love we think we deserve" - Stephen Chbosky
"The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek" - Joseph Campbell
"Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it" - Earl Nightinggale
"Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago" - Various Authors
"We live in a world in which we need to share responsibility. It's easy to say, 'It's not my child, not my community, not my world, not my problem.' Then there are those who see the need and respond. I consider those people my heroes" - Fred Rogers
"If you find yourself being angry at someone lower than you on the economic ladder, chances are you're being manipulated by someone higher on the economic ladder than you" - Anonymous
"There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there always has been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and culture life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that 'my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge' - Isaac Asimov
"You must never give in to despair. Allow yourself to slip down that road, and you surrender to your lowest instincts. In the darkest times, hope is something you give yourself. That is the meaning of inner strength" - General Iroh
"How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard" - Winnie The Pooh
"Death is a natural part of life. Rejoice for those who transform into the Force. Mourn them do not. Miss them do not." - Yoda
"Never cease to stand like curious children before the great mystery into which we were born" - Albert Einstein
"You never know how strong you are until being strong is your only choice" - Bob Marley
"Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"No diet will remove all the fat from your body, because the brain is entirely fat. Without a brain, you might look good, but all you could do is run for public office" - George Bernard Shaw
"We're all going to die, all of us, what a circus! That alone should make us love each other but it doesn't. We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities, we are eaten up by nothing" - Charles Bukowski
"The present is theirs; the future, for which I really worked, is mine" - Nikola Tesla
"Only a man who has felt ultimate despair is capable of feeling ultimate bliss" - Alexandre Dumas
"It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men" - Frederick Douglass
"Why should I fear death. If I am, death is not. If death is, I am not. Why should I fear that which cannot exist when I do" - Epicurus
"It's one of my theories that when people give you advice, they're really just talking to themselves in the past" - Mark Epstein
"Life can only be understood backward, but it must be lived forward" - Soren Kierkegaard
"Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored" - Aldous Huxley
"The people you love become ghosts inside of you, and like this you keep them alive" - Anonymous
"Writing a novel is like driving a car at night. You can only see as far as your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way" - E. L. Doctorow
"We shall meet in the place where there is no darkness" - George Orwell, 1984
"I guess the only time most people think about injustice is when it happens to them" - Charles Bukowski
"I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind; Yet strangely, I am ungrateful to these teachers" - Khalil Gibran
"You can't get rich in politics unless you're a crook" - Harry S. Truman
"You will have no sensation of a leash around your neck if you sit by the peg. It is only when you stray that you feel the restraining tug" - Michael Parenti
"Good times become good memories, and bad times become good lessons" - Anonymous
"Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth" - Anonymous
"It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the bake that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest" - Adam Smith
"Never trust a man who speaks well of everybody" - John Churton Collins
"People don't want their lives fixed. Nobody wants their problems solved. Their dramas, their distractions, their stories resolved, their messes cleaned up. Because what would they have left? Just the scary unknown" - Chuck Palahniuk
"We were eighteen years old, and we had just begun to love the world and to love being in it; but we had to shoot at it. The first shell to land went straight for our hearts" - Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front
"New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings" - Lao Tzu
"He who has a why to live can bear almost any how" - Friedrich Nietzsche
"You're not patriotic, just because you back whoever is in power today. You're not patriotic because you back their policies. You're patriotic when you work to improve the lives of the people in your country, in your community, in your family, those around you" - Edward Snowden
"I would rather have questions that can't be answered than answers that can't be questioned" - Richard Feynman
"Do not just slay your demons, dissect them and find what they've been feeding on" - The Man Frozen In Time
"Only in the woods was all at rest within me, my soul became still and full of power" - Knut Hamsun
"Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage and then is heard no more. It is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing" - William Shakespeare
"Until you make the unconcsious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate" - Carl Jung
"Nightmares exist outside of logic, and there's little fun to be had in explanations; they're antithetical to the poetry of fear" - Stephen King
"Only when the last tree has died and the last river been poisoned and the last fish been caught will we realise we cannot eat money" - Cree Indian Proverb
"Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood" - George Orwell
"To live is the rarest thing in the world, most people just exist" - Oscar Wilde
"We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark. The real tragedy of life is when are afraid of the life" - Plato
"Choice. Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom" - Victor Frankl
"Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore" - Andre Gide
"God cared for these trees, saved them from drought, disease, avalanches, and a thousand tempests and floods. But he cannot save them from fools" - John Muir
"What is the most important thing you could be working on in the world right now? And if you are not working on that, why aren't you" - Aaron Swartz
"There are such times when the mind is dealt such a blow it hides itself in insanity. While this may not seem beneficial, it is. There are times when reality is nothing but pain, and to escape that pain the mind must leave reality behind" - Patrick Rothfuss
"The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men" - Plato
"Never make fun of someone if they mispronounce a word. It means they learned it by reading" - Anonymous
"Beware the fury of a patient man" - John Dryden
"I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving: To reach the port of Heaven, we must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it ~ but sailt we must, and not drift, nor lie at anchor" - Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
"It's a terrible thing, I think in life to wait until you're ready. I have this feeling now that actually no one is ever ready to do anything. There is almost no such thing as ready. There is only now. And you may as well do it now. Generally speaking, now is as good a time as any" - Hugh Laurie
"When and if fascism comes to America, it will not be labeled 'made in Germany'; it will not be marked with a swastika; it will not even be called fascism; it will be called of course 'Americanism'" - Halford E. Luccock, 1938
"Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not. Both are equally terrifying" - Arthur C. Clarke
"When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago" - Friedrich Nietzsche
"The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter" - Winston Churchill
"Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing" - Benjamin Franklin
"Too often we enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought" - John F. Kennedy
"No tree it is said, can grow to heaven unless its roots reach down to hell" - Carl Jung
"Wrong does not cease to be wrong because the majority share in it" - Leo Tolstoy
"I have the audacity to believe that people everywhere can have three meals a day for their bodies, education and culture for their minds and dignity, equality, and freedom for their spirits" - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back" - Carl Sagan
"Returning hate for hate multiplies hate, adding deeper darkness to a night already devoid of stars. Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate, only love can do that" - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Love your parents. We are often so busy growing up, we often forget they are also growing old" - Anonymous
"An hour is not just an hour. It is a vessel full of perfumes, sounds, plans, and atmospheres" - Marcel Proust 
"The more I see of the world and the more people I meet, the less certain I become about who I am and what sense there is to life" - Keanu Reeves
"The cost of sanity in this society is a certain level of alienation" - Terence McKenna
"Alone. Yes that's the key word, the most awful word in the English Tongue. Murder doesn't hold a candle to it, and hell is only a poor synonym" - Stephen King
"Leadership is solving problems. The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership" - Colin Powell
"If I'm worth anything later, I'm worth something now. For wheat is wheat, even if people think it is a grass in the beginning" - Vincent Van Gogh
"The smallest actual good is better than the most magnificent promises of impossibilities" - Thomas B. Macaulay
"Humans don't mind hardship, in fact they thrive on it; what they mind is not feeling necessary. Modern society has perfected the art of making people not feel necessary. It's time for that to end" - Sebastian Junger
"If you have selfish, ignorant citizens, you're gonna have selfish, ignorant leaders" - George Carlin
"Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power" - Abraham Lincoln
"Between what is said and not mean, and what is meant and not said, most of love is lost" - Kahlil Gibran
"In reality, hope is the worst of all evils, because it prolongs man's torments" - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Love all, trust a few, do wrong to no one" - William Shakespeare
"I had always hoped that this land might become a safe and agreeable asylum to the virtuous and persecuted part of mankind, to whatever nation they might belong" - George Washington
"The first supermarket appeared on the American landscape in 1946. Until then, where was all the food? It was in homes, gardens, local fields, and forests. It was in the pantry, the cellar, the backyard" - Joel Salatin
"Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work" - Stephen King
"Both optimists and pessimists contribute to society. The optimist invents the aeroplane, the pessimist the parachute" - George Bernard Shaw
"I love mankind -- it's people I can't stand" - Charles Schulz
"Everyone is a teacher. Some I seek. Some I subconsciously attract. Often I learn simply by observing others. Some may be completely unaware that I'm learning from them, and I bow deeply in gratitude" - Eric Allen
"Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when we look back everything is different" - C.S. Lewis
"Forgive. Such a strong word. Only seven letters but they carry the weight of the whole world" - A. Meredith Walters
"The nuclear arms race is like two sworn enemies standing waist-deep in gasoline. One with three matches, the other with five" - Carl Sagan